1. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information below through your use of the Application, the Bump Services and/or the Site.
Personal Information. "Personal Information" is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use the Application, the Bump Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone and fax numbers, files, content, photographs, and other information you transmit or receive using the Application, the Bump Services and/or the Site which identifies you or another person. Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your phone book or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of the Application or the Bump Services, such as the feature that finds and highlights mutual friends and other individuals who you may know.
We collect Personal Information if you provide it directly to us via email, the Application, the Bump Services or the Site. We may collect Personal Information when you send us messages, comments, questions or suggestions or if you participate in blogs, forums, message boards, chat rooms, profile pages and other services to which you are able to post information, if any, on the Site (collectively, "Forums"). We may also collect Personal Information through certain features of the Application or the Bump Services (and in some instances will allow you to opt-out of such collection or retention of Personal Information).
Non-Personal Information. "Non-Personal Information" is information that does not identify you or any other individual, and includes Session and Usage Data, Log Data and Aggregate Information, each as described below.
Session and Usage Data. "Session and Usage Data" is information about your use of the Application, the Bump Services and/ or the Site and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of the Application, the Bump Services or the Site. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and location of the bump. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share through the use of the Application (such as photos, contacts, calendar appointments, etc.), the Bump Services, or the Site.
Log Data. When you interact with us or use the Application, the Bump Services or our Site, our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use ("Log Data").
Aggregate Information. "Aggregate Information" is data we collect about a group or category of services or Users from which individual User identities have been removed. In other words, information on how you use the Application, the Bump Services and the Site may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Application, the Bump Services and the Site, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our Users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Application, the Bump Services and the Site.